We will resume then with our singing of Colin Lawn. You'll find that on the sheet that
was passed out to you. And on that sheet you'll see that the first verse is in English and
the second verse is in Welsh. And when we get to that I'll ask Wyn Morgan to come up
and go over the Welsh words with you. Okay? Gentlemen, an introduction.
I think the way to tackle this is for you to repeat each line after me.
Nid o'n gofyn fawyd moethus.
Ae ry byd na'i berlau man.
Gofyn o'yf am galon hapeth.
Calon honest, calon lawn.
Calon lawn yn rhawn dae onus.
Cegach iw na'r lillid lwrth.
Dim ond calon lawn a'r llgani.
Canu'r dydd a hannu'r nwrth.
Here we go.
Nid o'n gofyn fawyd moethus.
Ae ry byd na'i berlau man.
Gofyn o'n galon hapeth.
Calon honest, calon lawn.
Calon lawn yn rhawn dae onus.
Cegach iw na'r lillid lwrth.
Dim ond calon lawn a'r llgani.
Canu'r dydd a hannu'r nwrth.